Improving docs- removing redundant phrases (#29744)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/testing.md

test actor is implicitly used as sender reference when dispatching messages
from the test procedure.] @java[The test actor’s reference is obtained using the
`getRef()` method as demonstrated above.] The `testActor` may also be passed to
other actors, as usual, usually subscribing it as notification listener. There
is a whole set of examination methods, e.g. receiving all consecutive messages
matching certain criteria, receiving a whole sequence of fixed messages or
classes, receiving nothing for some time, etc.

> The ActorSystem passed into the constructor of TestKit is accessible via the

Reviewer: or even:
```suggestion
The ActorSystem passed to the constructor of TestKit is accessible via the
```

### Expecting Log Messages

> Since an integration test does not allow the internal processing of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since an integration test does not allow observing the internal processing of the
```

Java
:   @@snip [TestKitDocTest.java](/akka-docs/src/test/java/jdocs/testkit/TestKitDocTest.java) { #test-event-filter }

> If several occurrences are specific—as demonstrated above—then `intercept`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of occurrences is specific—as demonstrated above—then `intercept`
```

:   @@snip [TestKitDocTest.java](/akka-docs/src/test/java/jdocs/testkit/TestKitDocTest.java) { #test-special-probe }

You have complete flexibility here in mixing and matching the `TestKit`
facilities with your checks and choosing an intuitive name for it. In real
life your code will probably be a bit more complicated than the example given
above; just use the power!

@@@ warning

Any message sent from a `TestProbe` to another actor which runs on the
CallingThreadDispatcher runs the risk of dead-lock if that other actor might
also send to this probe. The implementation of `TestProbe.watch` and

> `TestProbe.unwatch` will also send a message to the watcher, which

Reviewer: I think it's actually the watchee that is meant here? This is 'the actor that is being watched', perhaps that's obscure language
```suggestion
`TestProbe.unwatch` will also send a message to the actor being watched, which
```

#### Forwarding Messages Received by Probes

> @scala[Given a destination actor `dest` which in the nominal actor-network would

Reviewer: I don't think that makes sense
```suggestion
@scala[Given a destination actor `dest` which in the nominal actor network would
```

:   @@snip [TestKitDocTest.java](/akka-docs/src/test/java/jdocs/testkit/TestKitDocTest.java) { #test-auto-pilot }

The `run` method must return the auto-pilot for the next message, @scala[which

> maybe `KeepRunning` to retain the current one or `NoAutoPilot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be `KeepRunning` to retain the current one or `NoAutoPilot`
```

dispatcher does not create any new threads.

It is possible to use the `CallingThreadDispatcher` in unit testing, as

> described above, but originally it was conceived to allow contiguously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described above, but originally it was conceived to allow uninterrupted
```

@@@ note

> These two paragraphs summarise that if the current thread is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, if the current thread is
```

## Different Testing Frameworks

Akka’s test suite is written using [ScalaTest](http://www.scalatest.org),
which also shines through in documentation examples. However, the TestKit and
its facilities do not depend on that framework, so you can essentially use
whichever suits your development style best.

> This section contains a collection of known problems with some other frameworks,

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's nice to characterize these as 'problems with those frameworks', it's more things to be aware of.

```suggestion
This section contains a collection of known gotchas with some other frameworks,
```
